Fixed #27236 -- Deprecated Meta.index_together in favor of Meta.indexes. (#15703)
django/django: docs/internals/deprecation.txt

.. _deprecation-removed-in-5.0:

> * The Model Meta ``Options.index_together`` option will be removed.

Author: Misplaced, move above `.. _deprecation-removed-in-5.0:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The model's ``Meta.index_together`` option will be removed.
```
